OC project templates should shows net8.0 only (#16048)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release.md

- [ ] Update the `OrchardCore.Commons.props` file with `<VersionSuffix></VersionSuffix>` such that preview build numbers are not injected in packages. Verify the `VersionPrefix` tag matches the released version.
- [ ] Update module versions in `src/OrchardCore/OrchardCore.Abstractions/Modules/Manifest/ManifestConstants.cs`.
- [ ] Create a new milestone.

> - [ ] Change the framework version(s) in the project templates, more specifically in `dotnetcli.host.json` and `template.json` files.

Reviewer: This is about a new OC version, not a .NET version.

```suggestion
- [ ] Change the Orchard Core version in the project templates, more specifically in `dotnetcli.host.json` and `template.json` files.
```

Author: it could be version or versions because we could use multitargeting, right?

Reviewer: No. This template is about an OC release, not .NET upgrade.
